So hard to find the right template that is printing something where commerce can be a little tricky
and I'm going to show you the easiest way to find the correct template.
So for example if I open the cover and I open the lid because then blue jeans and then we open combers
you will find these templates folder and it contains a lot of different files.
Funny Ray files.
It's going to be a little complex.
Thankfully there are some proteins that are going to make this easier.
One of the most powerful proteins to something like this is combers
and I mean are not new and then going to other newcomer's them play and sing and I said for commerce
and play pipiens
going to be is when you can see right here and we're going to install these
and activate the blue once you activate the plug in you will you have to up and running and reload and
you will notice that we have these messages in great that they look like an alert.
So for example let's say you want to make some changes in the search word in the search box.
You can see that say it's a template.
It's just look search form if your pen for example will combers templates you will find these Prolixin
from right.
Another example if I just couldn't a little gray here for example in these categories you can see this
one is called content.
But I'll cut in again if you open these.
You will find these files right here at and so you can read these messages.
For example I can go over here now you can see this bowl with non-information and it will print their
route for these for this file.
You can see these applications ma'am.
The dogs will combers all be content.
Blue jeans Gomer's templates and look search form.
So let's say that we want to make some changes in the product search form so we can for example up is
fine and you can see that this template can be overridden by copying to your team commerce impro looks
for.
So we're going to copy this filename
and then we're now up in teams Caterina's by newcomer's and we're going to out there to Roseta then
we're going to copy the contents copy and paste.
Now we can this one.
And now we have a safe copy of this template.
So for example if you skip this step in the next update of newcomer's you will miss everything.
Never make some changes in this fight.
You have to copy them in your team.
So if I know here you can see these ISim blue collar that means we successfully Obery in the body and
fine.
So next let's say you can see it's this place called the research program.
Let's say that you are selling services not products.
Maybe you went up in these and right here on the input type search you can scroll to the right and you
will find this place holder and it says Search brokes.
Maybe you want to change these two search services or something.
This is a safe way to make that change and you can say you we have search services.
If you're selling services or reservations you can change that value right there.
And this is the easiest way.
And then next week we're going to continue making some changes to the search for what we're going to
make some changes you've seen ceases to change the appearance of the search button.
Once you're finished with them Platys you're connecting with the Brooklyn and activate again when you
need to find the right template for certain sections of your website.